Update README (#71)
VeriFIT/z3-noodler: README.md

> F. Blahoudek, Y. Chen, D. Chocholatý, V. Havlena, L. Holík, O. Lengál, and J. Síč. [Word Equations in Synergy with Regular Constraints](https://link.springer.com/chapter/10.1007/978-3-031-27481-7_23).  In *Proc. of FM’23*, Lübeck, Germany, volume 14000 of LNCS, pages 403–423, 2023. Springer-Verlag.

For a brief overview of the architecture, see [SMT-COMP'23 Z3-Noodler description](doc/noodler/z3-noodler_systems-description.pdf).

[//]: # (TODO: Write the following paragraphs. ## Differences from Z3)

## Building and running

### Dependencies

1) The [Mata](https://github.com/VeriFIT/mata/) library for efficient handling of finite automata.
    ```shell
    git clone 'https://github.com/VeriFIT/mata.git'
    cd mata
    make release
    make install
    ```

### Building Z3-Noodler

```shell
git clone 'https://github.com/VeriFIT/z3-noodler.git'
mkdir z3-noodler/build
cd z3-noodler/build
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release ..
make
```
See [instructions for building Z3][cmake] for more details.

[visual_studio]: README-Z3.md#building-z3-on-windows-using-visual-studio-command-prompt
[make]: README-Z3.md#building-z3-using-make-and-gccclang
[cmake]: README-Z3.md#building-z3-using-cmake

> To build tests for Z3-Noodler and run the following 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build tests for Z3-Noodle, run the following 
```
